bpo-34037: Fix test_asyncio failure and add loop.shutdown_default_executor() (#15735)
python/cpython: Doc/library/asyncio-eventloop.rst

   .. versionadded:: 3.6

.. coroutinemethod:: loop.shutdown_default_executor()

>    Schedule the closure of the default executor, but wait for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Schedule the closure of the default executor and wait for it to join all threads
```
